raspi/API.md, before:

# Keurig Machine Server API

The server will be running on port 3000

## Response Format
Responses will always be JSON and will have a [status](#statuses) field attached.
```typescript
res = {
    status: number,
    ...
}
```

## Statuses
Possible values that the server will return for the status in the response body:
- `OK: 0`
- `INVALID_ORDER_NUMBER: 1`
- `CANNOT_DELETE_ORDER: 2`

## Order
An `Order` object will always appear as follows in a response body:
```typescript
res = {
    ...
    order: {
        orderNum: number,
        delay: number,          // In milliseconds
        status: number          // IN_QUEUE = 0; BREWING = 1; DONE = 2;
    },
    ...
}
```

## `/brew`

**GET**  
Returns the current number of orders in queue and the expected time until completion of all brew jobs

**POST**  
Adds a new brew job to the Keurig. It expects a request body of the form:
```typescript
req.body = {
    coffeeSize: string          // "Small", "Medium" or "Large"
}
```
Returns an [`Order`](#order) object

## `/brew/:orderNum`

**GET**  
Returns the status of the order in the form of an [`Order`](#order) object

**DELETE**  
Cancels an order if it is still in queue. 
Possible return statuses are:
- `Status.OK` when the order is deleted successfully
- `Status.CANNOT_DELETE_ORDER` when the order is being currently being brewed
- `Status.INVALID_ORDER_NUMBER` if the order cannot be found which could be because
    - The order was previously deleted
    - orderNum cannot be converted to an integer
    - The order has already been brewed

Commit message:

Fixed CoffeeManager bugs and updated API doc
CoffeeManager now traverses through brewQueue, running the brew script
for every order and can handle errors better

raspi/API.md, after:

# Keurig Machine Server API

The server will be running on port 3000

---

## Response Format
Responses will always be JSON and will have a [status](#statuses) field attached.
```typescript
res = {
    status: number,
    ...
}
```

---

## Statuses
Possible values that the server will return for the status in the response body:
- `OK: 0`
- `INVALID_ORDER_NUMBER: 1`
- `CANNOT_DELETE_ORDER: 2`
- `INTERNAL_BREWING_ERROR: 3`
- `INVALID_BREW_SIZE: 4`

---

## Order
An `Order` object will always appear as follows in a response body:
```typescript
res = {
    ...
    order: {
        orderNum: number,
        delay: number,          // In milliseconds
        status: number,         // IN_QUEUE = 0; BREWING = 1; DONE = 2;
        size: string            // "Small", "Medium", "Large"
    },
    ...
}
```

---

## `/brew`

**GET**  
Returns the current number of orders in queue and the expected time until completion of all brew jobs
```typescript
res = {
    ...
    delay: number,          // The (estimated) length of time before a new order will get brewed
    numOrders: number       // The number of orders in the queue
    ...
}
```

**POST**  
Adds a new brew job to the Keurig. It expects a request body of the form:
```typescript
req.body = {
    coffeeSize: string          // "Small", "Medium" or "Large"
}
```
Returns an [`Order`](#order) object

---

## `/brew/:orderNum`

**GET**  
Returns the status of the order in the form of an [`Order`](#order) object

**DELETE**  
Cancels an order if it is still in queue. 
Possible return statuses are:
- `Status.OK` when the order is deleted successfully
- `Status.CANNOT_DELETE_ORDER` when the order is being currently being brewed
- `Status.INVALID_ORDER_NUMBER` if the order cannot be found which could be because
    - The order was previously deleted
    - orderNum cannot be converted to an integer
    - The order has already been brewed
